Pal 878 attribute masking service update documentation (#284)
gchq/Palisade-services: attribute-masking-service/README.md

# <img src="../logos/logo.svg" width="180">

# Flow of Control

![Attribute-Masking Service Diagram](doc/attribute-masking-service.png)

> The Attribute-Masking Service will persist authorised requests and forward a redacted version of the resource onto the next service on the pipeline.
> This is an interim service on the Palisade stream pipeline that reads each resource sent from the Policy Service. 
> It will take each of these resources, ascertain if it is a "start" or "end" marker for the set of records (has a token, but the message body is empty of content).
> If it is, no further processing is done.
> For messages that represent records, these are persisted as authorised requests and then a masked version of the resource is prepared to be forwarded to the next services.
> Both types of messages (markers and records) are forwarded to both the Topic-Offset Service and the Filtered-Resource Service.
> If at any time during the processing of a message, an error occurs, an error message is produced and sent to the Audit Service.

Reviewer: This doesn't read right as the word "resource" appears in different contexts.

```suggestion
The Attribute-Masking Service will persist authorised requests which will be checked by the Data Service.
This service reads messages from the `rule` Kafka topic. 
It the message has a "start" or "end" marker for the set of records (has a token, but the message body is empty of content), no further processing is done and these are added to the `masked-resource` Kafka topic.
For messages that represent a record, these are persisted as authorised requests and any resource level rules are applied to remove a resource from the message stream that cannot be accessed by the user.
The `masked-resource` Kafka topic is read by both the Filtered-Resource Service and the Topic-Offset Service.
If at any time during the processing of a message, an error occurs, an AuditErrorMessage is produced and added to the `error` topic to be consumed by the Audit Service.
```

Author: Have taken some of the ideas and changed it around a bit.

# <img src="../logos/logo.svg" width="180">

# Palisade Attribute-Masking-Service
# Flow of Control

> The attribute-masking-service is the final transformation the palisade system applies to resources before they are returned.

Reviewer 2: I think the top-level heading should remain as `# Palisade Attribute-Masking Service` and include this as a sub-heading `## Flow of Control`

Author: agreed

> The Attribute-Masking Service will persist authorised requests for later use by the Data Service and modify the request that is forwarded to the Topic-Offset Service and Filtered-Resource Service.

Reviewer: I would recommend saying that it's forwarded to the Kafka topic rather than the service.

Author: I did that on purpose and would like to keep it this way.  This section is meant to be a very light overview in "English".  It is meant to give an understanding of what it does in a few sentences.  Later, I essentially talk about the same thing but with the technical detail included.

This is an interim service on the Palisade stream pipeline that reads each messages sent from the Policy Service.
It will take each of these messages, ascertain if it is a "start" or "end" marker for the set of records (has a token, but the message body is empty of content).
If it is, no further processing is done.
For messages that represent records, these are persisted as authorised requests.
A version of the record message is then prepared with the restricted information redacted or removed which is then forwarded to the next services.

> Both types of messages (markers and records) are forwarded to both the Topic-Offset Service and the Filtered-Resource Service.

Reviewer: And here

Author: See previous comment.

| user                    | maskedLeafResource       | exception         | user
| leafResource            |                          | serverMetadata    | leafResource
| rules                   |                          |                   | rules

*token is in the message header's metadata

> The service reads a message in from the Kafka "rule" topic as a [AttributeMaskingRequest](src/main/java/uk/gov/gchq/palisade/service/attributemask/model/AttributeMaskingRequest.java).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service reads a message in from the Kafka `rule` topic as an [AttributeMaskingRequest](src/main/java/uk/gov/gchq/palisade/service/attributemask/model/AttributeMaskingRequest.java).
```

Author: The "an" instead of "a", definitely and have changed.  With the quotes surrounding the word rule, I have kept the double quotes.  The intent is to show that the word rule has a special meaning.  In this case it is the type of topic and is used in the same way as "masked-resource" and "error".

Author: Reviewed other examples in the code and it looks like I am wrong.  we are using a convention with the special single  quote is being used in other readme's.  I'll change this to be inline with this convention.

This request is persisted in a store as an`AuthorisedRequestEntity`.

> The `LeafResource` attached to the request is then masked, removing any excessive or sensitive metadata which a client may be prohibited from accessing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each message will either be removed from the stream, if the resource cannot be accessed, or redact the resource metadata.
```

Author: Appreciate the sentence was poorly written, but the suggestion is not quite right either.  I've taken another go at it, see what you think.

> The resulting masked `LeafResource` is then used to create an [AttributeMaskingResponse](src/main/java/uk/gov/gchq/palisade/service/attributemask/model/AuditableAttributeMaskingResponse.java) ready to be forwarded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The message is then used to create an [AttributeMaskingResponse](src/main/java/uk/gov/gchq/palisade/service/attributemask/model/AuditableAttributeMaskingResponse.java) ready to be forwarded.
```

Author: Kept it as is.  Fits with the changes that I have made to the previous couple of sentences.  See what you think.

> This will be forwarded onto the Kafka topic "masked-resource".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will be forwarded onto the `masked-resource` Kafka topic.
```

Author: done

Start and end markers are forwarded to the same Kafka topic.
Like the masked resource messages, the start and end markers will have the token (`x-request-token`) in the header, but will have an empty message body.

> Errors that occur during the process are bundled into an error message, `AuditErrorMessage` and sent to the Kafka topic "error" where they are retrieved by the Audit Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any errors that occur when processing a message create an `AuditErrorMessage`, which is added to the `error` Kafka topic where they are processed by the Audit Service.
```

Author: Picked some of the changes and added a few of my own.  Have another look.

| user                    | maskedLeafResource       | exception         | user
| leafResource            |                          | serverMetadata    | leafResource
| rules                   |                          |                   | rules

*token is in the message header's metadata

The service reads a message in from the `rule` Kafka topic as an [AttributeMaskingRequest](src/main/java/uk/gov/gchq/palisade/service/attributemask/model/AttributeMaskingRequest.java).

> This request is first persisted in a store as an`AuthorisedRequestEntity`.

Reviewer 2: Link to java class like the above?

Author: done

The `LeafResource` in the request holds metadata for the resources that are being requested.
If any of this metadata is classed as restricted data for the request, the metadata is then redacted or removed producing a masked version of the `LeafResource`.

> The resulting masked `LeafResource` is then used to create an [AttributeMaskingResponse](src/main/java/uk/gov/gchq/palisade/service/attributemask/model/AuditableAttributeMaskingResponse.java) ready to be forwarded onto the `masked-resource` Kafka topic.

Reviewer 2: This currently links to the `Auditable` variant, it should link to the 'normal' variant
```suggestion
The resulting masked `LeafResource` is then used to create an [AttributeMaskingResponse](src/main/java/uk/gov/gchq/palisade/service/attributemask/model/AttributeMaskingResponse.java) ready to be forwarded onto the `masked-resource` Kafka topic.
```

  }
}'
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Keep some spacing in here

Author: done

> ## Example JSON Response

Reviewer 2: This won't be included in the response, reword a little
```suggestion
## Expected Kafka 'masked-resource' Message
```
